all right Kenny I just rolled the bike
out of the shed it's what is it
Wednesday evening let's see it's almost
6:30 just pulled her out
notice the two spark plugs I got an end
on each one but you just pull that off
just pull this one off snap that the hot
wire on and you're ready to rip anyway
she the toothed plug thing let's open
the oil reservoir there's a tab right
here to lift the seat push down on that
actually push down on a seat at the same
time and you can see how nice and clean
the bottom of the seat is for the Aged
this thing's like in awesome shape so
anyway here's the oil reservoir I put my
butcher collar for the license plate the
registration stuffs right there
underneath the seat and looks like we're
pretty good with oil right now so we'll
shut that it said this hasn't ran in
quite a few months here and let's give
it a give it a once-over we have the oil
ignition there's the keys there see what
we got here
there's a speedo it's got 54,000
sixty-five miles on it and let me here's
your choke I just turned the gas on
let's see if she's going to kick over
Austin's gonna videotape while I give it
a couple kicks
so here Austin you take the camera
mission mission is on kickers over here
maybe want to come on this side she's in
neutral
has hit the